note.md, before:

# TODO
- [x] sortable feature
  - add react-sortablejs
  - sortable only with handle icon
- [-] App
  - [x] use global data through context
- [ ] SideBar
  - [x] show pinned item
  - [x] scroll y
  - [x] show updated time
  - [ ] sortable
- [-] List
  - [ ] how to distinguish whether the current window is from a collection or a new one unsaved
  - [x] edit window title
    - [x] input feature
      - use mousedown event to prevent blur event from being fired before the click of buttons
    - [x] click title to switch to edit mode
    - [x] switch back to title
    - [x] save edited collection
  - [x] reactive tabs number
  - [x] reactive update time
  - [-] icon
    - [x] show pinned
  - [ ] detect tabs witch are loading
  - [ ] URL that exceeds fades out with a gradient
  - [ ] open collection feature
  - [x] selected feature
- [ ] feature: open url/window
- [ ] feature: real-time monitoring of the tabs/windows while staying on the app page
- [x] Dialog Box
  - create a global `Dialog`, use `useReducer` to store Dialog state
  - use gobal context `DialogProvider` to provide `openDialog` and `closeDialog` methods to other component
  - `useDialog` hook provides a custom hook that allows any child component to conveniently access the dialog control methods.
  - by passing different content components through the `openDialog` method, dynamic changes of the dialog content are achieved
- [ ] search feature
- [x] export & import feature
  - [x] data foramt
  - [x] import 
    - import -> reducer -> local save
    - [x] import compatible with format Session Buddy
  - [x] export
    - local save -(initial render)-> reducer -> export
- [ ] data & local
  - [x] save through indexedDB
  - [x] add/set collection, toggle 'save' to save to the collections
  - [x] save sortable data
    - after drag sorted, update the new list data update in the reducer without local storage
  - [x] delete collection
- [ ] save in cloud feature
  - [ ] google drive
- [ ] setting feature
- [ ] restore feature

### data save
component -> context/reducer -> local

Commit message:

fix: on tab removed, list does not update

note.md, after:

# TODO
- [x] sortable feature
  - add react-sortablejs
  - sortable only with handle icon
- [-] App
  - [x] use global data through context
- [ ] SideBar
  - [x] show pinned item
  - [x] scroll y
  - [x] show updated time
  - [ ] sortable
- [-] List
  - [ ] how to distinguish whether the current window is from a collection or a new one unsaved
  - [x] edit window title
    - [x] input feature
      - use mousedown event to prevent blur event from being fired before the click of buttons
    - [x] click title to switch to edit mode
    - [x] switch back to title
    - [x] save edited collection
  - [x] reactive tabs number
  - [x] reactive update time
  - [-] icon
    - [x] show pinned
  - [ ] detect tabs witch are loading
  - [ ] URL that exceeds fades out with a gradient
  - [ ] open collection feature
  - [x] selected feature
- [ ] feature: open url/window
- [-] feature: real-time monitoring of the tabs/windows while staying on the app page
  - on tab crated, updated, removed, [-] moved
  - [ ] on window crated, updated, removed
- [x] Dialog Box
  - create a global `Dialog`, use `useReducer` to store Dialog state
  - use gobal context `DialogProvider` to provide `openDialog` and `closeDialog` methods to other component
  - `useDialog` hook provides a custom hook that allows any child component to conveniently access the dialog control methods.
  - by passing different content components through the `openDialog` method, dynamic changes of the dialog content are achieved
- [ ] search feature
- [x] export & import feature
  - [x] data foramt
  - [x] import 
    - import -> reducer -> local save
    - [x] import compatible with format Session Buddy
  - [x] export
    - local save -(initial render)-> reducer -> export
- [ ] data & local
  - [x] save through indexedDB
  - [x] add/set collection, toggle 'save' to save to the collections
  - [x] save sortable data
    - after drag sorted, update the new list data update in the reducer without local storage
  - [x] delete collection
- [ ] save in cloud feature
  - [ ] google drive
- [ ] setting feature
- [ ] restore feature

### data save
component -> context/reducer -> local
